feat: Parytown copy files script (#13)
deco-cx/live: README.md

```jsx
import MyTestComponent from '../components/MyTestComponent.tsx';
```
### Copy Partytown files script

> The partytown library need the web workers and service workers static files to work, this script copy those required files. More info: https://partytown.builder.io/copy-library-files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The partytown library needs the web and service workers' static files to work. This script copies these required files. More info: https://partytown.builder.io/copy-library-files
```

> Add the `copyPartytown` task to your `deno.json` file:

Reviewer: Suggestion:

Move these instructions on how to add a script into a single section above, already with all the tasks that `$live` exports. Does that make sense, since now we're exporting more than one?

Also, it would make this doc only about what the script does.

Just a nitpick

```json
{
  "tasks": {
    // ...
   "copyPartytown": "deno eval 'import \"$live/scripts/copyPartytownFiles.ts\"'"
  },
  "importMap": "./import_map.json"
}
```

Then run the `copyPartytown` task with the first argument destination folder to copy partytown files

```bash
deno task copyPartytown "./static/~partytown/"
```

> To copy the debug files pass the flag `--debug`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass the `--debug` flag to also copy Partytown's debug files.
```

I was understanding at first that this option helps the debug of this copy script, and not that it was related to Partytown itself. I think this makes it more clear, what do you think?

Referring to: https://developers.google.com/tech-writing/one/active-voice
